Add support for multiple coord_systems (#6536)
SciTools/iris: docs/src/whatsnew/latest.rst

   needs by using the `Ncdata`_ package.
   See `CRS WKT in the CF Conventions`_ for more. (:issue:`3796`, :pull:`6519`)

> #. `@ukmo-ccbunney` and `@trexfeathers` added support for **ordered coordinates**
>     when loading and saving NetCDF files. This allows for coordinates to be
>     explicitly associated with a coordinate system via an extended syntax in
>     the ``grid_mapping`` attribute of a NetCDF data variable. This extended
>     syntax also supports specification of multiple coordinate systems per
>     data variable. Setting the property ``cube.ordered_coords = True`` will
>     enable extended grid mapping syntax when saving a NetCDF file and also
>     enerated an associated well known text attribute (``crs_wks``; as
>     described in :issue:`3796`).
>     See `CRS Grid Mappings and Projections`_ for more information.
>     (:issue:3388:, :pull:6536:)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. `@ukmo-ccbunney`_ and `@trexfeathers`_ added support for **ordered coordinates**
    when loading and saving NetCDF files. This allows for coordinates to be
    explicitly associated with a coordinate system via an extended syntax in
    the ``grid_mapping`` attribute of a NetCDF data variable. This extended
    syntax also supports specification of multiple coordinate systems per
    data variable. Setting the property ``cube.ordered_axes = True`` will
    enable extended grid mapping syntax when saving a NetCDF file and also
    generate an associated well known text attribute (``crs_wkt``; as
    described in :issue:`3796`).
    See `CRS Grid Mappings and Projections`_ for more information.
    (:issue:3388:, :pull:6536:)
```

Is `ordered_axes` still the most appropriate name?

Author: 6d36cb87e fixes typos and references `extended_grid_mapping` rather than `ordered_axes`.
